serious injuries was a teenager's
14 years after being attacked apparently
in a case of bullying the attack is
produced inside a school in
German village and this student's first
half year ended hospitalized
terrible
an impotence I do not understand as a child
fourth means hits that way to a
first half with pain laura remember
the brutal beating of his son bruises
in the face and injuries to the body with
only 14 years this child lived a
traumatic experience that his family
You can not forget either but it had been
hit by a school student
and that I was going to take him to the hospital that the
child was going to bad conditions this
Wednesday the teenager first
medium had a conflict with a student of
quarter
jealousy for a girl had generated
the beating the boy practices boxing gave him
more than 12 combo in the face my son
when my son fell to the ground playground what
they locked in the bathroom and they did not let him
leave your classmates what
they blocked my son's passage when
tried to rip out five
teenagers involved in the fight
only this child was in the hospital of
the area and his face is very swollen
with this part he removed inflamed the cheekbone
the nose and the eye have it with effusion
he has a wound on his gums but
he was also taken to the dentist
and the head full of bruises the
aggressor was suspended for two days
while the victim will not be able to attend
20 mostly because of the fear of returning to
school does not tell me that later
a group of friends is going to gather
of him and want to do something and this
substance a snowball the family
of the teenager ensures that the school
He did nothing even after beating
he complied with the protocol since he did not call
to the police because it was inside the
school stops being a crime is what
same and not only against the child who
assaulted my son because there too there
a group of other students who are
involved and I need the
college you investigate the community of
German village is shocked by the
brutal aggression teachers are not
pending when they are at recess
when they are there they have to walk
out there
nobody wants to go wrong with you or in
no less part of a place where you
assumes that children have to be
well it seems very bad or very bad
this fact my grandson suffered when he is
in first basic also a beating of
child that's because of lack of
education also from home if in the
home there is a good education
because there was a requirement from parents
a concern the school did not want
refer on camera to aggression but
they assured that the complaint will be
made the superintendence of
education in the next hours who
will investigate the procedure as in
all cases that this entity
assured that the action protocol
depends on each school the colleges
they have the obligation to have a
prevention plan for violence
school and with a protocol for
school violence which they must apply
adequately deal with facts of this
nature
[Music]
bullying has become a
complex scenario of the schools
that's why unicef ​​and the brand kalou
they made this campaign with a trailer
of fictional cinema that tries
raise awareness among parents and educators
so that our children are not the
protagonists of this painful this